[ETHEREAL MUSIC]
>> The holistic world of healing
includes plants and herbs,
channeling energy as well as
both spiritual and physical
modalities.
Healers are
multidimensional beings
who dance between the realms
of the seen and unseen.
These individuals
have the ability
to facilitate a shift in
people, offering them insight
and support, reconnecting people
with themselves and the greater
collective, healing the
world one person at a time,
healing from the other side.
>> As the veil is thinning, more
and more beings of light are
arriving to assist in the
healing in my healing room.
One healing is never
the same as another.
So it's full of surprises.
My name is Diana Collins-Smith.
I'm an energy healer,
psychic medium,
vibrational sound healer.
I have been doing this
work for about 35 years.
And I do all sorts of things
from past life regression,
hypnosis, kinesiology,
craniosacral therapy,
HiddenMind, bioenergy, four
different types of Reiki,
and all sorts of
different modalities
that I have learned and
accumulated over the years.
I work very intuitively
with clients
depending on what
their requirements are,
what their pre-existing
conditions are,
and also what beings come
into the room at the time
when we're doing the treatment.
I work with a very big
team of psychic healers,
and I have a psychic surgeon.
It's very intuitive how I
decide how to treat people
depending on what's
happening in their lives
and what has created
the trauma for them.
I'm very passionate about
helping people heal.
And I represent the
HiddenMind in Africa
and bioenergy in Africa.
The HiddenMind has proven to
be very successful in healing
afflictions like ADHD,
autism, autoimmunes,
all the modern
infections that we have
at the moment in this world.
>> The HiddenMind is a healing
system and protocol founded
by Tom Griffin, which uses the
power of the subconscious mind
to look deeper into the cause
of diseases and ailments.
It utilizes what is called the
bioenergy protocol, a series
of energy-balancing
techniques that
use hand movements to
restore and regenerate
the energetic
structure of a person
and balance the
life force energy
within and around
the human body.
Through the medium of dowsing,
a biofeedback mechanism
with a rich and deep history,
the HiddenMind program
embraces the hidden
potential of the human mind.
>> It's hard to say when my
personal journey with healing
began, because I think it began
from early, early childhood.
My parents were Irish,
both born in Dublin.
And I was born and raised
in the then-Rhodesia.
My mother was very psychic.
So it was very common for her
to speak about the spirits that
were surrounding us, visitors
that popped in and out
that others could not see.
So I grew up with
that being normal.
When we emigrated back to
Europe in the late '70s,
I landed up in
England on my own.
And it was then that I realized
that these things were not
quite mainstream, they
were rather frowned upon.
But I started soon after in
London studying meditation.
And it was through
meditation that I
developed my own
innate psychic ability
because we are all psychic.
And my third eye opened,
and I was able to understand
see, hear, feel,
intuit much deeper
things that were
happening in the ethos.
Then it was a long journey of
doing different modalities.
But the biggest catalyst was
when my eldest son was born.
He was born with what we
would call today ADHD.
And I got no joy from the
medical fraternity at all.
Then I went on a long
journey of investigation
to help Sean with energy
healing modalities
and shifted that completely.
It's just developed one
thing after another.
So that's a journey of 35 years
learning different healing
modalities.
>> Healers like Diana use a wide
variety of modalities to heal.
Through various questions with
a candidate prior to a session
and by listening
to her intuition,
she can get an indication of
which modalities to call on.
During a session, she works
on the meridians, chakras,
and auric fields, leading to
improved physical, mental,
emotional, and
spiritual well-being.
Coming up next, we learn about
the types of negative energies
that can hold us back
or create ailments.
And we meet Michelle,
a Reiki master
in desperate need of help.
Join us as we journey with
them to the other side.
>> Shortly, I'm going
to be seeing Michelle.
And I know nothing
about her background.
I'll question her
as to why she feels
that she needs to
come for treatment,
what has brought her here.
And depending on
her answers, then, I
will tailor a treatment
protocol specifically
for her to address
her specific problems.
It's possible that she may
have past life things or entity
attachment.
Muti might have
been sent to her,
which is very common in Africa.
And those things can be easily
released and removed once I
know what we're dealing with.
>> Past life problems are
resolved through ancestral
healing, which focuses on
meridian gene folds that come
through our DNA.
It is the process of
revealing and releasing
traumas that have
been passed down
by our ancestors and past lives.
Entity attachments
are when a person
has undesirable energy or a
spiritual attachment residing
within or around them.
These attachments
are generally formed
through trauma, when our energy
field is most vulnerable.
>> Often, we will start
with a channeled reading
because spirit comes through
me to give them guidance
to highlight areas in their
lives that need to be looked
into to be released.
And often, those
channel readings
can turn into healings as
well because we are visited
by very amazing beings--
Beloved Jesus, Mother Mary,
Saint Germain, Mary Magdalene.
There are so many beloveds
that arrive at those readings,
it's quite profound these days.
And it's ramping up as
the veil is thinning.
[QUIET MUSIC]
>> I am a Reiki master,
and I'm a psychic.
But on today's
episode, I actually
need help, believe it or not.
I don't know what I need.
I just know I need help.
I think it's going to be
spiritually, emotionally,
physically.
My opening up to
the spiritual stuff
only really happened
in my late 40s.
I wasn't born with it.
So it's been actually a
very interesting journey.
When the bad stuff happens,
yeah, in my human life,
I'm experiencing real life.
But if I sit back
and I look at my--
from the spiritual side of
things, it all makes sense.
Afterwards, I find there
was actually a lesson in it.
And with that experience, I
find that I've helped people
that have been in a situation.
So what I find is that
people can understand
where I'm coming from
when I'm giving advice
because I'm speaking
from personal experience.
So I would tell them,
for example, this
is what I did in this
situation, it worked.
They don't have to do
exactly what I did,
but even if they did get a
thought and say, oh, OK, yeah,
I'll do that, then
my job is done.
I'm so excited
about my appointment
later on with Diana.
People would say,
you are a psychic,
you've got all
these abilities, how
come you don't know
what's going on?
What you misunderstand is I'm
still a human being living
a human life.
And I go through all the trials
and tribulations and I have,
my daily stresses and
stuff, like everybody else.
I'm very excited
about seeing Diana.
Apparently, she's got
various abilities.
And I think I'm going to be
her perfect candidate because I
need so much, and I
don't know what I need.
And she's going to, obviously,
use her intuition and work
out what I need.
So I'm very interested.
And maybe this could be a
life-changing experience for me
as well.
It'll be interesting
experiencing it myself
and see if I'm drawn to it.
[SERENE MUSIC]
>> Welcome.
>> Thank you very much.
>> Lovely to meet you.
>> I'm so excited, and this has
just come at the right time.
I come totally open.
I've heard you do so many
therapies, which I'm actually
grateful for because I don't
know where I need help.
I just know I need help.
>> Mm-hmm.
Well, I'm going to
ask you some questions
because I'm wanting to
have that information.
But if I could ask you to
fill in my paperwork, just
that section at the top.
>> OK, sure.
>> And then I'm going to
ask you some questions
as to your present
medical condition.
>> Thank you.
>> That's perfect.
Thank you so much.
All right.
So why are you
brought here today?
Do you feel that you need
a bit of an overhaul?
Are your energy levels low?
>> To be honest, I
just know I need help.
That's all I can say.
It doesn't answer your
question, but I just
know I need spiritual
help from above.
I can't define it.
I just know I need help.
>> OK.
I'm just going to ask you
some 3D questions because I
need to know what's happening
in your life and in your body.
Headaches, migraines,
tension, stress, anxiety?
>> Yeah, with the encephalitis,
obviously there's severe
headaches.
>> How old were you when
you had an encephalitis?
>> In my 30s, I was in
hospital for four months.
And, yeah, headaches were long.
Obviously, stress-- I've always
had careers with severe stress.
So I got addicted to
grabbing my headache powders.
>> And your skeletal system.
>> Pardon?
>> Skeletal system.
Any fractures of your bones?
>> Oh, I broke my arm when
I was younger, horse riding.
>> Would you mind signing there?
>> Sure.
>> And just ticking those boxes.
Then that's just-- we
can go ahead with your--
>> All right.
>> --your therapy.
OK.
So we can just step
into the clinic.
If you would like to come with
me, we'll get you on the bed.
>> Coming up next, Diana takes
Michelle through an hour long
session, cleansing her aura,
chakras, and meridians,
and increasing her
energetic frequency.
>> I'm just going
to scan your body.
I'm going to take a
remote view of what's
happening in your
body and get direction
as to what we need to
do, how we need to do it,
and what needs to be healed.
So I'm just going to take a
quick scan with the dowsing
rods.
Picking up an energy field here.
And then in your
Earth star chakra.
There's a bit of a
tremor happening here.
Gives us some indication
of what we're looking for.
So I'm going to be
silent for a little while
as I connect your energy fields.
And I'm just going
to have a look
and see what spirit
wants me to see.
I'm looking for any
attachments and anything
of a lower vibration
that needs to be removed.
Your sphere, your whole
sphere, is very dark.
So here, my angel,
I'm seeing like-- what
looks to be like a
whole lot of arrows.
Yes, there are arrows.
So we're going to
take those off.
And this was a
lifetime that you had.
And I see you riding a horse, so
it looks like a North American
Indian.
And you were killed
in that lifetime
and shot with all these arrows.
>> It makes sense why I'm
so drawn to the Red Indians.
>> Tension in our faces because
we're all wearing masks.
The happy smile,
and I'm just fine,
and everything's wonderful,
and often, that's not the case.
Clearing off all that old
energy, all that stress
and tension.
>> Isn't-- the drilling here.
>> Mm-hmm?
>> You know, I'll just
give you feedback.
It's like the--
it's this type of--
>> And is that common?
>> No, I only felt it now.
And now it's like
this, but now I
think what you said
about the entities.
And I'm not making this up.
I think maybe I do have--
>> I'm working something up.
Let's just take a look.
>> Please have a look.
>> So these entities are what
we call in energy medicine
parasites of the
human energy field.
Basically, they attach to us,
and then they will live off
our life force energy.
And they get bigger
and bigger and bigger,
and they get quite
comfortable and set in,
and they're quite happy
with their new home.
>> Yeah, let it go.
>> Going anywhere.
Yes.
>> Don't move.
>> So my angel, the next
thing I'd like to do,
with your permission, is take
you to the 25th dimension,
where we're going to look at any
attachments, cords, agreements,
contracts that you might have
made in this lifetime or any
other.
We're going to cut all of those.
So arriving now at
the 25th dimension--
so understanding that
we live in the third,
some of us in the fourth,
some of us in the fifth, 25th
is very high.
It's a safe place
where we can do
this work without any worries
of any nefarious interference.
>> Oh, that's fantastic.
Thank you.
>> Archangel Michael, show
us any cords, threads,
vines that Michelle has with
others from this lifetime
or any other.
Oh, there's lots.
[LAUGHTER]
>> Oh, my god.
Yeah.
OK.
>> OK, so we attach
cords into others.
We do this ourselves.
And we have this agreement that
we exchange energies with them.
All right, so it's never good
because it's never allowing
us to be our authentic selves.
And then I'm seeing lots of
cords to do with contracts.
OK, so birth certificates,
marriage certificates.
So this is not just from
this lifetime, though.
It's going back into hundreds,
if not thousands, of lifetimes.
OK.
>> I must say, my body's feeling
different, in a good way.
>> So you're lit up
like a Christmas tree.
You're a bit early, but you're--
>> Thank you.
>> And we just finish off
with the infinity to seal you.
Beautiful.
And I don't know if you
can hear your frequency,
but it's very, very high now.
>> I feel lighter.
And thank you.
And the headaches are gone.
It's gone.
>> Session with
Michelle went very well.
It was an interesting
session in that
she didn't have any pre-existing
conditions to be treated.
So I was working quite
blindly and decided that,
or was prompted that, I needed
to check into her energy fields
to see if there were
any attachments that
needed to be removed.
That went exceptionally well.
I was guided very well
by my team of healers
that I work with.
And when I connected
to her energy field,
I could feel that her
energy was very low,
very, very suppressed.
And I dowsed to
find what that was.
And it was at 65.
When I looked into her energy
field, it was very dark.
So she had a lot
of astral debris,
we call it, in
her energy fields.
And it did take quite
a while to clear that
and to clear off any
entities that she had.
She had remarked that
she was feeling lighter
as we went through the session.
But she remarked that
she had a headache.
So I worked on her cranial
bones and her facial bones
to readjust there,
and it came up
that the left temporal bone,
there was an attachment there.
So we removed that.
I cleared off, I balanced
her auric fields,
and then allowed
her to come back
into her body to integrate all
the changes that had been made.
There was quite a
lot of work that was
done to her in this session.
And I would recommend
that she has
further sessions,
at least two more,
to see what comes up next.
So with energy work, it's
very much in priority
that things come up
that need to be removed.
And then we leave it
for a week or two,
and then the next
priorities will come up.
So it's layers and layers
and layers and layers
of things that need to be
removed in a specific order.
Things are shifting now.
We've initiated a
process within her body,
within her energy fields,
that they are moving.
And that, we call integration.
We're clearing off ancestral
debris, trauma from past lives.
We've lived hundreds of
thousands of lives, most of us.
So there is eons of
time to be cleared.
Spirit has told us that we need
to remove all of this past life
karma, because it's
what it is, in order
to be able to move forward
into the new golden age,
into the fifth dimension
and beyond, unimpeded.
>> Words actually
can't describe it.
She did so much.
And I actually was
right, I needed it.
I feel much lighter.
And it feels like
I'm walking on air.
Part of my headaches
that I had was an entity.
So she cleared that
all away from me.
It just shows what a dark
place I was and how I felt.
It actually makes sense.
When she first started,
all my chakras, the chakras
have got different colors.
She says, I was told,
everything was black.
There was actually
so much to take in.
And I've actually
learned from it.
But it actually
makes sense why I
said I felt I was,
like, in a black box.
And things from my past came up.
One was I was a Red Indian.
And I've always wondered why
I was drawn to Red Indians.
So basically, you
can say I'm like--
I'm a new person ready for
the next higher dimensions.
So I'm very, very grateful.
And she was-- I
feel so much better.
>> The subconscious mind is a
remarkable and complex place,
a place where we store
trauma but also find healing.
Healers like Diana are in tune
with the energies of the Earth.
And through various
techniques, she
is able to tap into
the subconscious mind
and help people to heal.
[ETHEREAL MUSIC]